<h1>Chapter 01 Exercises | <b>The Machine Learning Landscape</b></h1>

<p>1. Machine learning (ML)is the science (and art) of programming computers so they can learn from data. More generally, it is about teaching computers how to learn something without being told to do so.</p>
<hr>
<p>2. Here are four types of ML applications:
<ul>
    <li>Analyzing images of products on a production line to automatically classify them - <i>image classification</i></li>
    <li>Detecting tumors in brain scans - <i>image segmentation</i></li>
    <li>Automatically classifying news articles - <i>natural language processing</i></li>
    <li>Automatically flagging offensive comments on discussion forums - text classification</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<p>3. In ML, the training set you feed to the algorithm includes the wanted solutions, which are called <b>labels</b>. They are used in supervised learning methods such as classificatoin tasks.
<hr>
<p>4. The two most common supervised tasks are:
<ul>
    <li><b>classification</b>: it is trained with many examples that come with their class. The algorithm must learn how to classify new observations.</li>
    <li><b>regression</b>: values, given a set of features, are predicted.
</ul>
<hr>
<p>5. Here is the name of four common unsupervised tasks:</p>
<ul>
    <li><b>clustering</b>: used to detect groups of similar characteristics. The algorithm finds connections between observations without help.</li>
    <li><b>visualization</b>: complex and unlabeled data is fed to the algotithm, which returns a 2D or 3D representation of the data.</li>
    <li><b>dimensionality reduction</b>: simplifies the data without loosing too much information. </li>
    <li><b>anomaly detection</b>: recognize abormal instances in a dataset.</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<p>6. To allow a robot to walk in varios unknown terrains, an <b>online learning</b> algorithm would be useful, as robot would adapt easily to rapidly changing conditions. Actually, the best answer would be <b>reinforcement learning</b>. In this case, the learning system, that is, the agent, can observe the environment, select and perform actions, and get rewards in return (or penalties, which would be negative rewards). The agent must therefore learn by itself the best strategy, or poluty, to get the most reward over time.</p>
<hr>
<p>7. To segment customers into multiple groups, I would use a <b>clustering</b> algorithm, as it would try to detect groups of similar features. These groups can be further divided if you apply a <b>hierarchical clustering</b> algorithm.</p>
<hr>
<p>8. The problem of a spam detection would be framed as a supervised learning problem. This is because the training set fed to the algorithm includes the desired solutions, which are <b>labeled</b>. In this case, we would use <b>classification</b> to classify new emails with their class (spam or ham).</p>
<hr>
<p>9. An online learning system is trained incrementally by feeding it data observations <b>sequentially</b> in groups called <b>mini-batches</b>. The system can learn about new data as it arrives. This model is particularly useful when systems need to adapt to change extremely rapidly.</p>
<hr>
<p>10. <b>Out-of-core learning</b> is a subset of online traning in which algorithms are used to train models on huge datasets that cannot fit in one machine's main memory. The algortithm then loads part of the data, runs a training step on that data, and repeats the process until it has run all of the data.</p>
<hr>
<p>11. An algorithm that relies on a similarity measure to make predictions is called <b>instance-based learning</b>. In this case, the system learns the examples by heart, only to make generalizations to new cases by using a similarity measure to compare them to the learn examples.</p>
<hr>
<p>12. The difference between a model parameter and a model hyperparameter has to do with the role of each concept in ML. The former refers to a variable that is learned by the model during training. In linear regression, for instance, the slope and intercept of the line are parameters that are learned to fit the data. The latter, meanwhile, is a configuration variable that is set <i>before</i> training and cannot be learned from the data. In other words, a hyperparameter is a parameter of a learning algorithm but not of the model. As such, it is not affected by the learning algorithmm and must be set prior to training, remaining constant during training. 
<hr>
<p>13. Model-based algorithms try to make generalizations by making a model of the examples and then use that model to make predictions. You select a model, like a linear a model, and then define a utility function that measures how good the model is. You can also define a cost function to measure how bad it is. Then, you feed training examples to the chosen algoritm. Model selection thus consists on choosing the type of model and fully specifying its architecture. Trainig a  model means running an algorithm to find the model parameters that will make it best fit the training the data and, hopefully, making good predictions on new data.</p>
<hr>
<p>14. Here are four of the main challenges in machine learning:</p>
<ul>
    <li><b>insufficient quantity of training data</b></li>
    <li><b>nonrepresentative training data</b></li>
    <li><b>poor-quality data</b></li>
    <li><b>irrelevant features</b></li>
</ul>
<hr>
<p>15. If my model peforms great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, the model is <b>overfitting</b>. It peforms well on the training data but it does not generalize well. This can happen if the model is too complex relative to the amount and noisiness of the training data. Three possible solutions to this problem are:</p>
<ul>
    <li><b>simplify the model</b> by selecting one with <b>fewer parameters</b> by reducing the number of attributes in the training data.</li>
    <li><b>gather more training data.</b></li>
    <li><b>reduce the noise</b> in the training data (fix errors or remove outliers, for example).</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<p>16. A test set is a set used to test your model. You used it by splitting the data into two sets (training and test set). The error rate on new cases is called the <b>generalization error</b> which helps you to get an estimate of how well your model will perform on instances it has never seen before.</p>
<hr>
<p>17. The purpose of a validation set is to avoid creating a model that has adapted to the test set. You create a <b>holdout validation</b>, that is, you hold part of the training set to evaluate several candidate models and select the best one. This new held-out is the <b>validation set</b>. You train multiple models with multiple hyperparameters on this reduced training set (the full training minus the validation set), and you select the model that performs best based on the validation set.</p>
<hr>
<p>18. The train-dev set is a dataset used to evaluate the performance of a model during training. It is usually created by randomly selecting a subset of the training data, which is then used as a validation set to evaluate the model's performance during training. You use it to identify problems that can occur during the process of training, such as overfitting or underfiitting, by providing an additional source of validation during training. By evaluating the model's performance on both the train-dev and the training set, you can detect if the model is overfitting to the training set, as the performance on the train-dev will start to degrade whilst the performance on the training set continues to improve. The train-dev set is used to evaluate the final performance of the model after the training part is complete. You can identify and correct problems at an early stage, before they have a chance to impact the final performance of the model on the test set.</p>
<hr>
<p>19. What can go wrong if you tune hyperparameters using the test set. If you measure the generalizaion error multiple times on the test set, and you adapted the model and hyperparameters likewise, you produce the best model for that <b>particular set</b>. This means that the model will probably not peform well on new data.</p>
<hr>
